feat(lib): add Alerts (#3348)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/alerts.mdx

    <p class="alert-label">Label</p>
  </div>`} />

### Approach

Alerts are built on `.alert` class. They contain texts such as label, icons, and may also contain actions or close buttons.

`.alert-label` is used to entitle all alerts. Note that this one is **mandatory**.

`.alert-icon` is used to display the icon in all alerts.

Alert messages come with additional layout classes such as `.alert-container`, `.alert-text-container` and `.alert-action-container` to help building some branded alerts.

`.alert-container` is used to align content inside the alert message correctly.

`.alert-text-container` is to space vertically all the textual content of the alert message.

<BrandSpecific brand="orange">
`.alert-action-container` is mainly useful when there is an action next to a close button in alert message. It may be omitted if not needed.
</BrandSpecific>

`.alert-close-container` is only useful when there are rounded corner alerts, with a title on one line, in order to help to round the `.btn-close` automatically. Since it's a very specific usage, it may be omitted. If present, this element should only wrap the `.btn-close` button.

### Accessibility

#### Semantics

> For accessibility reasons, any textual element must either be a semantic element itself or be wrapped in an appropriate semantic HTML element. In the examples below, the alert texts appear as `<p>` or `<hn>` elements but adapt the semantic to your context of use. In this documentation, you’ll have several different examples.

Author: It may depend on the context of use since from MDN: 
> The `<aside>` [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) element represents a portion of a document whose content is only indirectly related to the document's main content.

If the alert isn't related to the content, I assume it should be quite urgent to treat for people and so it should probably have the `role="alert"` which doesn't matter of the semantic in this case. Nonetheless, I tried something.

##### Functional

Functional alert message communicates specific system statuses, results, or user feedback.

Each variant conveys a clear semantic meaning — such as positive, warning, info, or negative — and must always be paired with its dedicated functional icon to ensure clarity and accessibility.

Other icons should not be substituted, as the semantic pairing between icon, colour, and message is essential for recognition and consistency.

Use functional alerts to inform users about state changes, confirmations, or issues that are directly connected to system logic or user actions. These messages carry functional meaning and help guide user response or acknowledgment.

<Callout type="warning">
  Keep in mind that color should not be the only way to convey information. If the color has a strong meaning, reflect it in the alert message’s text and if necessary add additional text with the class `.visually-hidden`. [Read more about alert message accessibility here](#accessibility).
</Callout>

Please note that you shouldn’t add any icon in those alert messages.

> Here, only `.alert-negative`, `.alert-positive`, `.alert-info` and `.alert-warning` are considered as functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variants `.alert-negative`, `.alert-positive`, `.alert-info` and `.alert-warning` are considered as functional.
```

      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

<BootstrapCompatibility>
<Example class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="d-none">
    <symbol id="info-fill" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
      <path d="M8 16A8 8 0 1 0 8 0a8 8 0 0 0 0 16zm.93-9.412-1 4.705c-.07.34.029.533.304.533.194 0 .487-.07.686-.246l-.088.416c-.287.346-.92.598-1.465.598-.703 0-1.002-.422-.808-1.319l.738-3.468c.064-.293.006-.399-.287-.47l-.451-.081.082-.381 2.29-.287zM8 5.5a1 1 0 1 1 0-2 1 1 0 0 1 0 2z"/>
    </symbol>
  </svg>

  <div class="alert alert-primary d-flex align-items-center" role="alert">
    <svg class="bi flex-shrink-0 me-2" role="img" aria-label="Info:"><use xlink:href="#info-fill"/></svg>
    <div>
      An example alert with an icon
    </div>
  </div>`} />
</BootstrapCompatibility>

###### Icon

For the [non-functional alert messages](#non-functional), know that you can change the icon either by adding a `<svg>`, `<img>` or an `.icon` inside the `.alert-icon` container. It should be colorized automatically via the color attribute.

It can also be made with a `mask-image` applied to `.alert-icon` with a class or inline directly.

> You can set the image via `--bs-alert-icon` wherever inside the `.alert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [non-functional alert messages](#non-functional), the displayed icon can be customized.

This can be achieved by using one of the following solution:
* adding a `<svg>`, `<img>` or an `.icon` inside the `.alert-icon` container.
* applying a `mask-image` on `.alert-icon` with a class or an inline `style` attribute.
* setting the custom property `--bs-alert-icon` inside the `.alert`.

In any case, the icon will be colorized automatically via the color attribute.
```

        <svg aria-hidden="true">
          <use xlink:href="${getVersionedDocsPath('/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#heart-empty')}"/>
        </svg>
        <p class="visually-hidden">Emphasized content</p>
      </div>
      <div class="alert-container">
        <div class="alert-text-container">
          <p class="alert-label">Your data plan includes free calls on weekends.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="alert alert-message alert-positive">
      <div class="alert-icon"></div>
      <div class="alert-container">
        <div class="alert-text-container">
          <p class="alert-label">Your payment has been successfully received.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />
</BrandSpecific>

#### Close button

If the alert can be removed when its content is acknowledged, you can add a close button inside the `.alert-action-container` with our [button icon]([[docsref:/components/buttons#icon-only]]).

<Callout type="info">
  If you want the JavaScript behavior presented on the first alert below, please refer to our [JavaScript section](#javascript).
</Callout>

<Callout type="info" title="One line title alert">

>   If you have an `.alert-message` with only a title that might be on one line and you are using a rounded alert (that might happen in our documentation depending on the documentation), you can wrap the `.btn-close` with an element holding `.alert-close-container` class to handle the rounded effect automatically. See it in action in our [live example](#live-example).

Reviewer: Is that what you mean?
```suggestion
  If you have an `.alert-message` with only a title that might be on one line and you are using a rounded alert (that might happen in our documentation depending on the viewport dimension), you can wrap the `.btn-close` with an element holding `.alert-close-container` class to handle the rounded effect automatically. See it in action in our [live example](#live-example).
```

        <use xlink:href="${getVersionedDocsPath('/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#heart-empty')}"/>
      </svg>
    </div>
    <div class="alert-container">
      <div class="alert-text-container">
        <p class="alert-label" id="closable-alert-accent">Accent alert</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="alert-action-container">
      <div class="alert-close-container">
        <button class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert" aria-labelledby="btn-close-alert closable-alert-accent" id="btn-close-alert">
          <span class="visually-hidden">Close</span>
        </button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="alert alert-message alert-info">
    <div class="alert-icon"><p class="visually-hidden">Info alert</p></div>
    <div class="alert-container">
      <div class="alert-text-container">
        <p class="alert-label">Info alert</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="alert-action-container">
      <div class="alert-close-container">
        <button class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert">
          <span class="visually-hidden">Close info alert</span>
        </button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

#### With action

> You can add an alternate action [link]([[docsref:/components/links]]) (`<a>` or `<button` depending on the context of use) either after the `.alert-text-container` or inside the `.alert-action-container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an action [link]([[docsref:/components/links]]) (`<a>` or `<button` depending on the context of use) either after the `.alert-text-container` or inside the `.alert-action-container`.
```

Or 

```suggestion
You can add an alternative action [link]([[docsref:/components/links]]) (`<a>` or `<button` depending on the context of use) either after the `.alert-text-container` or inside the `.alert-action-container`.
```

But I'm not sure it's useful, it is an alternative for the close button only when it is beside it I would guess.
